0	What's the lesson for me in this situation?
0	What's the lesson for me in this event?
0	What would be helpful for me to know about myself right now?
0	What do I need to learn about where I'm placing my trust?
0	What do I most need to know about myself [or situation X] right now?
0	What do I need to do to move beyond [situation X or Y]?
0	What's my biggest obstacle right now? (And how can I solve it or move past it?)
0	How can I open myself up to receive more abundance from the universe?
0	If they could pass a message to me, what would they say?
0	How can I make the person I lost proud?
0	How can I find happiness again and achieve a life of joy?
0	Is my overall fortune considered to be good?
0	Will I meet any lucky things by the end of this year?
0	Are all these unsatisfactory events last a long time?
0	Do you think that this good momentum will affect me a lot?
0	Can I assume that this implies I am currently in a good condition?
0	Is my luck going to be better next week?
0	Will I meet any bad things by the end of this year?
0	Are all these annoying events last a long time?
0	Do you think that this bad momentum will affect me a lot?
0	Can I assume that this implies I am currently in a bad condition?

1	How is my loved one doing?
1	What can I do to overcome grief?
1	What's the lesson for me in this relationship?
1	Why am I feeling stuck in my relationship?
1	What can I do to find my soul mate?
1	How will I know when I've found my soul mate?
1	Which of my personality traits are most likely to attract love?
1	What obstacles must I overcome to find love?
1	How can I strengthen my relationship with the one I love?
1	What should I concern in this relationship?
1	Why am I feeling not well in this relationship?
1	What is the correct way for finding my soul mate?
1	How will I know when I've found my doomed partner?
1	Which of my advantages are most likely to attract love?
1	How many obstacles must I overcome to find love?
1	How can I strengthen relationship between me and my lover?
1	Is this person my partner fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
1	Is this person boyfriend fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
1	Is this person girlfriend fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
1	Is this person wife fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
1	Is this person husband fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
1	Is this person lover fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
1	Is my current relationship based on trust, mutual respect, honesty, and full disclosure?
1	Am I seeing my partner fully, as he or she really is?
1	Is it in my best interest to get back together with my ex?
1	Is my current relationship based on honesty and transparency?
1	Is it in my highest good to walk away from this relationship right now?
1	Is it in my highest good to work through this relationship issue (by seeking external help, therapy, counseling, etc)?

2	How can I advance in my career and have a positive impact on my field/discipline/industry?
2	How can I communicate clearly with my boss/colleague/investor/business partner?
2	How can I better align my career/job with my soul purpose?
2	Why am I feeling stuck in my career?
2	Where am I likely to be in 10 years time?
2	What can I do to contribute positively to my job and become an irreplaceable employee?
2	What is preventing me achieving my full career potential?
2	What can I do to progress my career?
2	What are my key career weaknesses?
2	Which skills should I use to progress my career?
2	Is career X the right option for my highest good and healing?
2	Is career or job X suitable for me right now?
2	Is now the right time to make a career change?
2	Is this career path fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
2	Is this job fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
2	Is this position fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
2	Is this offer fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
2	Is it in my best interest to go on that position?
2	Is it in my highest good to quit from this job right now?


3	What can I do to overcome financial struggles?
3	How can I create a life of wealth?
3	Which of my personality traits should I use to become wealthy?
3	Which skills should I develop to make more money?
3	What's standing in my way and preventing me from building wealth?
3	Why am I feeling stuck in my income?
3	What's my biggest financial obstacle or challenge right now?
3	What kind of financial mindset and attitude have I inherited from my family? If it isn't particularly helpful, how can I let go of it?
3	Why do I believe I’m not worthy of material success?
3	What is my current debt/scarcity trying to teach me?
3	I need guidance about the state of my finances and how I can open up to receive more abundance from the universe.
3	Is it a suitable time to buy a luxury car or not?
3	Do you agree that this stock is a worthy investment? 
3	Does my current spending habit influence my future financial condition? 
3	Is now the correct time to make a bit of bold investment?
3	Can I assume that this is a great opportunity to make some fortune?
3	Is this purchase fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
3	Is this investment fully aligned with my energy, desires, and dreams for the future?
3	Is it in my best interest to go on this investment?
3	Is it in my highest good to be material success?

4	How can I make more friends?
4	Why am I feeling stuck in my friendship?
4	How can I nurture my friendships?
4	What can I do to ensure my friendships last a lifetime?
4	What should I do if I want to end a toxic friendship without causing an argument?
4	How can I be a better friend?
4	How to make real friends?
4	What is the reason that I feeling stuck in my friendship?
4	How can I boost my interpersonal relationship?
4	What can I do to ensure our friendships unchanged?
4	What should I do if I need to abandon a bad friendship?
4	What is necessary personality to be a better friend?
4	Is my friend still angry with me?
4	Will I have some chances to reconciliate with him?
4	Does he have closer friends other than me?
4	May I assume that our friendship is no way of returning to previous situation?
4	Is he a true friend?
4	Is it in my best interest to make friend with her?
4	Is it in my highest good to reconciliate?
4	Is there any misunderstood between me and my friends?
4	Is there a chance to reconciliate with my friend?
4	Does he have other close friends except me?
4	May I assume that our friendship is no way back?
4	Is she a friend worthy trusting?
4	Is it in my best interest to hang out with him?
4	Is it in my highest good to expand my networking?

5	What should I be doing to improve my overall health?
5	How can I create a life of health and happiness?
5	How can I boost my energy levels?
5	What is standing in my way of optimum health?
5	How can I find the courage to cope with a serious health issue?
5	How can I improve my health condition?
5	Why am I feeling stuck in part of my body?
5	How can I enhance my body function?
5	What can I do to ensure my health last a lifetime?
5	How can I be healthier?
5	Will I get a cancer or other type of severe disease in near future?
5	Is my current living style damaging my body? 
5	Does this mean that I have a worse physical condition than before?
5	May I assume that I am actually not in a good condition of health?
5	Is it worthy staying up late till late night?
5	Is it in my best interest to go on this surgery?
5	Is it in my highest good to continue treatment?
5	Is my overall health considered to be good?
5	Will I keep healthy by the end of this year?
5	Will this health last a long time?
5	Can I assume that this implies I am currently in a good condition of health?